how's it going everyone I'm Alex Monaco
host at ordinary sports we had an
absolutely fantastic day cover the
Austin Pettis second annual celebrity
charity basketball game they went down
to the wire 1 11 10 9 in overtime white
team over the White team but everyone's
a winner out here family friends
athletes we had a great time hope you
did too it feel good to be able to come
up with some other guys who want to get
back to the community official that you
know the ills for a good cause go to
raise some money and get back to kids
who are less fortunate so we're in a
better position we came out here want to
help me that's what we did and I plan on
being every year unless I got something
else but you know I'll see could pretty
much count on me then you have to give
back man you know that's the best that's
the best part about it you know maybe
have people looking up to us you know
and we have to be mentors also so you
know coming out here you know have a
little fun you know showing the crowd
you know that we could play you know
read our verse with no basketball and
football I mean it was real nice it's
really cool man like you know I don't
see a lot of this stuff going on you
know I've been playing oncologist my
thoughts from our forces and I'll see a
lot of this nose aP's events the only
ones i've ever been to so it's really
cool to see you know ap give it back and
you know all these guys coming out
giving back to the community
man that's what it's all about man
coming out here putting on a show for a
good cause good charity got a tip he had
to Austin man for putting together
something like this for his community
for his high school give him back to
where he came from and that's big and
should I'm happy to be a part of just it
definitely humbles you just because you
know we grew up in the same type of
environment and coming to events like
this just gave us more motivation to
become the people that we are today and
it's just this is good to get out here
and to interact with the fans interact
with the kids as well I really enjoyed I
mean it's real nice I mean piece of
testament to all these guys who came out
and helped to help play in the game too
I mean they all really enjoy giving back
in I mean just putting our face out in
the community and really interacting
with the fans and I think that's the
best part and that's the biggest fear me
that we get out of this